are at Student Action Summit, Turning Point USA, Liberty Station.
I got a really sweet couple here. They're not married, but they're going to be. They just got engaged a month ago. Yes.
So Brooke Nixon,
and Daniel Brooks goes by DJ. DJ? Which is interesting, I was just saying, you're gonna be Brooke Brooks. Yeah.
Hey.
He's worth it, you know? I'll try.
Now you all were attending God Speakout California.
And um,
You move down here to Florida.
I just got to tell you I'm a little envious.
Thank you.
I'm a lot envious. Governor Embiid.
You do real estate. You're looking to get work here. And you're in med school.
Yes, start Monday. And you just picked up and came to Florida? Everything. We did a 10-day road trip, went across the country, and now here we are. How did you get there?
How did you guys get connected with God Speak? What are you doing at Student Action Summit?
what what's been happening in your life obviously you got your shirt there's some sort of conservative thing going on here. yeah.
you're a medical doctor in a field that is dominated by big pharma we're watching people drop like flies from the shit.
Boomer, Doomer, Fauci, Aucci, Klobschat.
How are you dealing with all this?
You know, I mean, that's a big step. You're getting married. You're trying to find new employment.
Yeah. Yeah, it's a little scary. We've been praying on it a lot, so that's been helping us. I think that God's definitely pulled us in the right direction, ready to start a family and a future.
in the free estate in the nation right now. So that's exciting.
But to answer your first question, would God speak? I mean, that actually kind of just fell in our lap by surprise, and I guess it was God pulling us in that direction.
Where were you both living? So we were, I was born in Camarillo. I've moved over 20 times in Camarillo, in Ventura County. So you're all around Ventura County. All around Ventura County.
So I was born and raised there, and I did my undergrad there, and then I went to San Diego for two years to do all of my pre-health, pre-work practices. But when we came back,
Looking back, we really wanted to dive in our faith, and we started kind of looking around, church shopping.
And one day I was Googling and we were going to go to Santa Monica. I said, "Well, let's try this godspeed car."
And we went up the hill and...
I walked out and I had never had so much energy from the mat for service when we left. It was amazing.
He was a new believer, kind of still working on his faith.
And two weeks later, he had to sign up for New Blue Response, and we have not stopped going since. So it's been really exciting. Yeah, you've definitely been my man. I'm a big history guy, and so...
You know.
You can go to other churches and...
When I went there, fully engaged. So I think you were talking about, first time we went, you talked about the Book of Esther.
Then you talk about Abe Lincoln, what's happening now, connect them all. And I was just like,
So edge of my seat the whole time. I'm glad you enjoyed it. Yeah, I did. But you didn't enjoy it so much that you stuck around. You went to Florida. And you're making me envious. Yeah. Listen.
Where are you going to medical school? NSU KPCOM is what it's called now, or Nova Southeastern University. Okay, so that's why you moved. I mean, you had a good medical school. Yeah. But you know, God forbid.
Yeah, I had to drop everything that I said. But yeah.
For her it's worth it
A man finds a wife finds a good thing. Yeah. You did well. Thank you. A man chases a woman until she catches him. Yeah.
Just let it tell you that. All right, that one.
Men don't know that, they don't get it either.
How's the medical school going? So I start on Monday. Yeah, I just picked up my jacket today. Are you nervous? I'm nervous. I just did my...
I was telling Mark earlier, I did my Title IX training two days ago. That was a little disheartening.
When I was originally applying for med school, the doctor I worked for advised me
To say that I was a lesbian.
On my applications because
50% of the Africans that they're accepting are in a non-heterosexual relationship.
or consider themselves non-binary of some sort and I was telling him I was having difficulties with all of these
You know, identity, politic, questions, because all of them were like, how?
You know, have you been oppressed? And how have you had biases against you? And I'm like, well, I grew up in a good life. I had good parents that loved me. You know, I worked hard to get here. How can I set myself apart?
of a park.
And that was his advice. I went against his advice and I said I don't want to go to med school if they're going to accept me only because of this. So I applied with all of my morals and
Morals intact, and this is where I was accepted. And you wonder why the medical industry is compromised. And critical race here, we just had Dr. James Lindsay on in previous to you both.
and this is a man that's pointing out it's it's infiltrated medicine it's infiltrated government it's this idea of of ah.
Minorities that can't contend with ideas in the
in the public arena so they get political power by getting in positions of authority in businesses and industry and then thrusting it on people's lives and now.
An airplane and a patient doesn't care
The controls of a plane don't care how much melanin you have.
They want the best pilot controlling that. And it's not a meritocracy anymore.
It's tragic.
Kudos to you for standing strong and
Going through it. Kudos for the support making that happen.
And you guys are looking for a church because you can't find one like Gosby. And you're in the pre-state in the country, but you can't find a church like that. There's so many, it's got art.
We're this close to emailing Charlie Kirk, but when I found out you were going to be here, I thought I'd ask you for some advice. But what I will tell you is I'll take a look, and there's a, where are you guys based?
A town and country, so about 15 minutes closer to Clearwater than you. Okay, Clearwater. Let me look around. We get those questions at Turning Point all the time, all the time at God's door.
God speak.
People, I mean, you want to put together a list of churches that are liberty-loving.
Once we do our summit in San Diego in August, we'll have a better read on it.
But quite frankly, it's really hard to put it together and figure it out. A lot of churches just...
Don't understand what's at stake.
In the meantime, just keep tuning in. We watch you live on Sunday. Yeah, we do, but that's all right. I'm sorry. I'm curious to only have a face for radio, but I just want to...
Just want you to know that.
How grateful I am to the two of you. And I know it was a difficult move.
And you both want to get baptized.
And you were talking about going to Israel, and I told you we're going May 19th to the 29th. We took two buses last time, we're taking three this time. I want you on that bus, and let's do the baptism in the 30.
- My husband is Jordan. - How's it smell? - How's it smell? - Good. - And when you get married, let me know. I don't do weddings anymore, but I'm mine for you guys. - I heard that out here, out in the British
No, you guys bless me. I'm really, really touched by your story. And I wish you both well. And thanks for stopping by. Thank you so much. Now, enjoy the conference. That's an order. Can't wait. We're so excited.
Thank you so much. Bless you. Bless you. There you go, folks. A sweet couple starting their life together. Thank you.
putting it all on the line going to Florida.
Medical school, real estate.
But freedom is that important to them.
So understand what's at stake here. They do. Pray for them.
And keep up the good work. God bless you guys. - Okay.